What's this picture?
I bought a hat with a blue line on it.
I put it on the tiger's face.
The woman in the wash-up is wearing a rice-dryer on the bowl.
What a girl!
What a picture!
The man in the hat with a blue line on it.
The yellow thing on the bowl is not rice-dryer.
It's a mountain-blossom flower.
I thought it was a rice-dryer because it was yellow.
I thought it was a rice-dryer.
Rice-dryer? That's strange.
It's a man named Otadokan.
He was in the temple, and he didn't forget the rang.
He came to the village of Tabata to pray.
What is a prayer?
It's a prayer for the Buddha.
He's a person who doesn't understand.
He's a monk.
It's a prayer for the Buddha.
Excuse me.
Is there anyone who's apologizing?
What is a prayer for the Buddha?
It's raining.
What is it?
It's a prayer for the Buddha.
It's not English.
When I visited the man who was eating the rice-dryer,
I saw a few beads.
I didn't know that bead was made of brass.
No, it's a bead.
How do youコNT3D that strong bead?
Her prove of rumor is she hates him.
Is thatism.
She doesn't hate him.
She's a poor woman.
She sl Oppend offering me the bead to become cz отлич d entered the river.
Shield my dreadful face,
and then offered me the bead.
Aren't you blowing the German Government
and paying the rain?
It's longer than the price of a potato.
What do you say?
Z Beautiful man,
The mystery of the girl is still unknown.
It's a disaster if it's not solved.
Kazuma Nakamura, the man who told me this mystery before the Lord,
said,
The song of the man named Shinno Kaneakira,
The seven arrows, the flowers, the sake, and the mountain,
There is a song called the sorrow of not having one body.
There is no body.
The mountain is a bodyless thing.
The body and the body are two different things.
The same man was shot in the knee.
The mountain is still dark, and it is a disaster.
It's a great thing.
The Lord was caught in the country.
Even the great emperor doesn't know the old songs of the people.
There is no body, no body.
It's a great body.
It's not just a body.
It's a strike of the body.
What are you saying?
I know a lot of old songs.
It's great.
What kind of song is it?
The west falls on the desert.
Let's go somewhere.
What are you saying?
What is the most beautiful place you've ever been to?
I don't know.
I went to the castle.
It's like the Revolution.
I went back.
It's not the back.
It's my castle.
Do you have a castle?
The castle in the castle of Maru, the famous castle of Chiyoda,
It's a castle built by a man named Ota Dokan.
I asked my father tomorrow, but it's Tokugawa's castle.
That's why the man named Ota Dokan became Tokugawa's.
apparent